feat(ios): add preloadReactNative (#450)
callstack/react-native-brownfield: docs/docs/docs/getting-started/ios.mdx

}
```

### Preload the JavaScript bundle

`startReactNative` only prepares the runtime. React Native creates and starts the host in `viewWithModuleName:`. Thus React Native loads and evaluates the bundle only when it creates the first React Native screen. React Native also calls `onBundleLoaded` at that time.

To do this work at the app launch, call `preloadReactNative`. On Android, `ReactNativeBrownfield.initialize` does the same operation:

```swift
ReactNativeBrownfield.shared.bundle = ReactNativeBundle
ReactNativeBrownfield.shared.preloadReactNative(launchOptions: launchOptions) {
    print("React Native bundle loaded")
}
```

> `preloadReactNative` makes the app launch slower, but the first React Native screen appears faster. Measure both times in your app.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this - it's not necessarily making the app start slower, but generally it adds overhead in the caller's section. For instance, I'd imagine you can first launch native app (do not preload RN), and then only preload it as soon as you display the first native screen, which would not slow down initial start. I'd state it this way:

```suggestion
`preloadReactNative` adds overhead to the caller's section, but speeds up the first React Native screen appearance. If you preload React Native in your app's launch critical section, then it impacts your app's launch time.
```
